{:title "P.U.L.C.S.I."
 :layout :post
 :tags  ["fashion", "disruption"]}

Over the past month, the [Mad Scientist Club](https://www.mad-scientist.club/)
has been collaborating with [The MadHouse Project][asylum] over at the
[Asylum][asylum] on a truly ground breaking, innovative project that will
disrupt the fashion industry. It is by far the most ambitious project we
embarked on, and today, we are finally ready to reveal the greatest invention
since sliced bread: the **P**rofessional **U**ltra-hd, **L**ightweight
**C**heckered **S**hirt **I**nitiative.

 [asylum]: https://asylum.madhouse-project.org/
 
Let me make this crystal clear: we are going to shake the very foundations of
the fashion industry. Make no mistake, we are bringing a revolution, and we will
not be stopped! For what is the fashion industry about today? Expensive lines of
clothing, branded after celebrities - yet, ugly, non-practical, and not
something you can do yourself at home. Not like in old times, when Grandma made
awesome hats and pullovers, when our mothers patched up the holes on our
trousers! No. It is all about models of unrealistic shapes and proportions
parading around in clothes noone in their right mind would ever wear.

Is this the fashion industry we want? Surely not. We believe that like software,
fashion shall be free (as in freedom, not as in beer) too! Therefore, as a first
step, we are now unveiling the aforementioned **PULCSI**.

This is a new line of shirts we are working on - and will be launching
crowdfounding for, as soon as some of the last manufacturing details are ironed
out. With some unique, - yet, easy to replicate at any home - technology, we are
bringing you the world's first 4k, Ultra-HD checkered shirt. Checkers so small
you can hardly even see, unless you get really up close! This brand new
technology, and clothing is aimed at the technologically conscious individuals,
who value quality and their freedom to tinker over brand names and hysteria.

The design, the logo, and everything else about the product will be open source
from the very beginning - that is, as soon as the funding campaign goes live,
you all, will also have access to all the documentation you need to produce a
PULCSI yourself.

Why are we doing a campaign then, if anyone can produce these at home?

We do it because we want to save you time and effort, and because we can create
them in bulk, leading to cheaper prices, and leads the way towards mass
production. We also want to shake the industry, and for that, we need to reach a
critical mass. What better way to do that, than purchasing the finished product,
and a goodie bag?

Yes, you read that right! There will be exclusive items in the package, not only
a mind-bending 4k shirt! We will provide you with a booklet, that details the
technique behind the 4k. Ultra-HD checkered shirt. We will also provide another
booklet, with phrases for various situations where you may want to mention the
PULCSI, and the incredibly important work we are doing with disrupting this
industry.

More details well be made available here, and over at the [Asylum][asylum] in
the coming days. Keep an eye out for further breaking news!
